FAQ: How to debug "install retries exhausted" Helm errors (#847)
fluxcd/website: content/en/docs/faq.md

If the source is `Ready`, then the error must be caused by the chart,
for example due to an invalid chart name or non-existing version:

```console
$ flux get sources chart --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE  	NAME           	READY	MESSAGE
default  	default-podinfo	False	no chart version found for podinfo-9.0.0
```

### How to debug "install retries exhausted" errors?

By default, Flux performs a health check of all the Kubernetes resources created at install time.

> If any resource fails to become ready after five minutes, the Helm release will be rollback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any resource fails to become ready after five minutes, the Helm release will be rolled back:
```

(Unless `rollback` is the name of a state you are referring to?)
